feat(icons): add status pattern (#1774)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/patterns/status/index.mdx

---
title: Status

> description: Use a status pattern to inform a user of the dynamic state or condition of an object.

Author: We recently reworked the pattern descriptions to be a little more aligned in their formatting, so it might make sense to word this one like "The status pattern informs the user of the dynamic state or condition of an object." Here are the others: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T6nckBmrkIuPTMKz1H1PXqU4nm-MgigUIOa1tz8q9_M/edit#

  <Column>
    <Card>
      <Heading as="h3" variant="heading40" marginBottom="space0">
        <Anchor href="/icons">Icon</Anchor>
      </Heading>
    </Card>
  </Column>
  <Column>
    <Card>
      <Heading as="h3" variant="heading40" marginBottom="space0">
        <Anchor href="/primitives/text">Text</Anchor>
      </Heading>
    </Card>
  </Column>
  <Column>
    <Card>
      <Heading as="h3" variant="heading40" marginBottom="space0">
        <Anchor href="/primitives/box">Box</Anchor>
      </Heading>
    </Card>
  </Column>
</Grid>

```jsx
// import all components for Status patterns

import {​ Text } from "@twilio-paste/core/text";
import { Box } from '@twilio-paste/core/box';
import {ProcessDisabledIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ProcessDisabledIcon';
import {ProcessDraftIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ProcessDraftIcon';
import {ProcessErrorIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ProcessErrorIcon';
import {ProcessInProgressIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ProcessInProgressIcon';
import {ProcessNeutralIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ProcessNeutralIcon';
import {ProcessSuccessIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ProcessSuccessIcon';

> import {ProcessWarningIcon} from '@twilio-paste/icons/esm/ProcessWarningIcon';

Reviewer: I believe this is the way our linter or prettier formats it, so I think we have to keep it that way for consistency's sake w/ the rest of the repo

```

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: Why show a "Usage" section if we don't have any content for it?

Reviewer 3: I think "General Usage" and "Accessibility" are both supposed to be under "Usage". I just added a suggestion to adjust "General Usage" to an H3.

> ## General usage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### General usage
```

> Statuses are used to communicate the dynamic state of an object to a user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A Status is used to communicate the dynamic state of an object to a user.
```
